Add Traefik Hub Integration (Experimental Feature) (#8837)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/traefik-hub/index.md

aUX2AiEAilZ+M5eX4RiMFc3nlm9qVs1LZhV3dZW/u80/mPQ/oaY=
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```

### `tls.key`

Key to use for securing communication with the Agent.

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
hub:
  tls:
    key: |-
      -----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
      MIGHAgEAMBMGByqGSM49AgEGCCqGSM49AwEHBG0wawIBAQQgm+XJ3LVrTbbirJea
      O+Crj2ADVsVHjMuiyd72VE3lgxihRANCAARlopg+PYbweeaO7qNse3684PAqo0NV
      AwfmfGG0CBJRlLrWYtbBm+9SEhgs0/AfPxrHwLv5y6KEQLpPO+fwN4Z4
      -----END PRIVATE KEY-----
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[hub.tls]
  key = """-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
MIGHAgEAMBMGByqGSM49AgEGCCqGSM49AwEHBG0wawIBAQQgm+XJ3LVrTbbirJea
O+Crj2ADVsVHjMuiyd72VE3lgxihRANCAARlopg+PYbweeaO7qNse3684PAqo0NV
AwfmfGG0CBJRlLrWYtbBm+9SEhgs0/AfPxrHwLv5y6KEQLpPO+fwN4Z4
-----END PRIVATE KEY-----"""
```

```bash tab="CLI"
--hub.tls.key=-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
MIGHAgEAMBMGByqGSM49AgEGCCqGSM49AwEHBG0wawIBAQQgm+XJ3LVrTbbirJea
O+Crj2ADVsVHjMuiyd72VE3lgxihRANCAARlopg+PYbweeaO7qNse3684PAqo0NV
AwfmfGG0CBJRlLrWYtbBm+9SEhgs0/AfPxrHwLv5y6KEQLpPO+fwN4Z4
-----END PRIVATE KEY-----
```

### `insecure`

_Optional (one of `insecure` or `tls` must be set), Default=false_

> Allows the Hub provider to run over an insecure connection for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows an insecure connection between Traefik Proxy and the Traefik Hub Agent for testing purposes.
```

!!! warning "Security Consideration"
    
    This option implies sensitive data can be exposed to potential malicious third-party programs.   

>     Using the [`tls`](#tls) configuration is **strongly** recommended for anything else than testing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Using the [`tls`](#tls) configuration is **strongly** recommended for anything other than testing. 
```

* secure the Traefik routers
* provide ACME certificates to Traefik
* transfer requests from the SaaS Platform to Traefik (and then avoid the users to expose directly their infrastructure on the internet)

!!! warning "Traefik Hub EntryPoint"

    When the Traefik Hub feature is enabled, Traefik exposes some services meant for the Traefik Hub Agent on a dedicated entryPoint (on port `9900` by default).
    Given their sensitive nature, those services should not be publicly exposed.

!!! important "Learn More About Traefik Hub"

    This section is intended only as a brief overview for Traefik users who are not familiar with Traefik Hub.
    To explore all that Traefik Hub has to offer, please consult the [Traefik Hub Documentation](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik-hub).

!!! Note "Prerequisites"

    * Traefik Hub is compatible with Traefik Proxy 2.7 or later.
    * The Traefik Hub Agent must be installed to connect to the Traefik Hub platform.
    * Activate this feature in the experimental section of the static configuration.

!!! example "Minimal Static Configuration to Activate Traefik Hub"

    ```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
    experimental:
      hub: true

>     hub:
>       insecure: true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    hub:
      tls:
        insecure: true
```

    ```

    ```toml tab="File (TOML)"
    [experimental]
      hub = true

>     [hub]
>       insecure = true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    [hub]
      [hub.tls]
        insecure = true
```

    ```

    ```bash tab="CLI"
    --experimental.hub

>     --hub.insecure=true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --hub.tls.insecure=true
```

    ```

## Configuration

### `entryPoint`

_Optional, Default="traefik-hub"_

Defines the entryPoint that exposes data for Traefik Hub Agent.

!!! info

    * If no entryPoint is configured, a `traefik-hub` entryPoint is created.
    * If the entryPoint named `traefik-hub` is not configured, it is automatically created on port `9900`.
    * In any other cases, the option value must match an existing entryPoint name.

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
entryPoints:

>   hub-ep: ":8000"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  hub-ep: ":9900"
```

hub:
  entryPoint: "hub-ep"
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[entryPoints.hub-ep]

>   address = ":8000"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  address = ":9900"
```

[hub]
  entryPoint = "hub-ep"
```

```bash tab="CLI"

> --entrypoints.hub-ep.address=:8000

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
--entrypoints.hub-ep.address=:9900
```

# Traefik Hub (Experimental)

## Overview

Once the Traefik Hub Experimental feature is enabled in Traefik,
Traefik and its local agent communicate together.
This agent can:

* get the Traefik metrics to display them in the Traefik Hub UI
* secure the Traefik routers
* provide ACME certificates to Traefik
* transfer requests from the SaaS Platform to Traefik (and then avoid the users to expose directly their infrastructure on the internet)

!!! warning "Traefik Hub EntryPoint"

    When the Traefik Hub feature is enabled, Traefik exposes some services meant for the Traefik Hub Agent on a dedicated entryPoint (on port `9900` by default).

>     Given their sensitive nature, those services should not be publicly exposed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Given their sensitive nature, those services should not be publicly exposed.
    Also this dedicated entryPoint, regardless of how it is created (default, or user-defined), should not be used by anything other than the Hub Agent.
```

    This section is intended only as a brief overview for Traefik users who are not familiar with Traefik Hub.
    To explore all that Traefik Hub has to offer, please consult the [Traefik Hub Documentation](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik-hub).

!!! Note "Prerequisites"

    * Traefik Hub is compatible with Traefik Proxy 2.7 or later.
    * The Traefik Hub Agent must be installed to connect to the Traefik Hub platform.
    * Activate this feature in the experimental section of the static configuration.

!!! example "Minimal Static Configuration to Activate Traefik Hub"

    ```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
    experimental:
      hub: true

    hub:
      tls:
        insecure: true

    metrics:
        prometheus: {}
    ```

    ```toml tab="File (TOML)"
    [experimental]
      hub = true

    [hub]
      [hub.tls]
        insecure = true

    [metrics]
      [metrics.prometheus]
    ```

    ```bash tab="CLI"
    --experimental.hub
    --hub.tls.insecure=true
    --metrics.prometheus=true
    ```

## Configuration

### `entryPoint`

_Optional, Default="traefik-hub"_

Defines the entryPoint that exposes data for Traefik Hub Agent.

!!! info

>     * If no entryPoint is configured, a `traefik-hub` entryPoint is created.
>     * If the entryPoint named `traefik-hub` is not configured, it is automatically created on port `9900`.
>     * In any other cases, the option value must match an existing entryPoint name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * If no entryPoint is defined, a default `traefik-hub` entryPoint is created (on port `9900`).
    * If defined, the value must match an existing entryPoint name.
    * This dedicated Traefik Hub entryPoint should not be used by anything other than Traefik Hub.
```

aUX2AiEAilZ+M5eX4RiMFc3nlm9qVs1LZhV3dZW/u80/mPQ/oaY=
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```

### `tls.key`

The TLS key for Traefik Proxy as a TLS client.

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
hub:
  tls:
    key: |-
      -----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
      MIGHAgEAMBMGByqGSM49AgEGCCqGSM49AwEHBG0wawIBAQQgm+XJ3LVrTbbirJea
      O+Crj2ADVsVHjMuiyd72VE3lgxihRANCAARlopg+PYbweeaO7qNse3684PAqo0NV
      AwfmfGG0CBJRlLrWYtbBm+9SEhgs0/AfPxrHwLv5y6KEQLpPO+fwN4Z4
      -----END PRIVATE KEY-----
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[hub.tls]
  key = """-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
MIGHAgEAMBMGByqGSM49AgEGCCqGSM49AwEHBG0wawIBAQQgm+XJ3LVrTbbirJea
O+Crj2ADVsVHjMuiyd72VE3lgxihRANCAARlopg+PYbweeaO7qNse3684PAqo0NV
AwfmfGG0CBJRlLrWYtbBm+9SEhgs0/AfPxrHwLv5y6KEQLpPO+fwN4Z4
-----END PRIVATE KEY-----"""
```

```bash tab="CLI"
--hub.tls.key=-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
MIGHAgEAMBMGByqGSM49AgEGCCqGSM49AwEHBG0wawIBAQQgm+XJ3LVrTbbirJea
O+Crj2ADVsVHjMuiyd72VE3lgxihRANCAARlopg+PYbweeaO7qNse3684PAqo0NV
AwfmfGG0CBJRlLrWYtbBm+9SEhgs0/AfPxrHwLv5y6KEQLpPO+fwN4Z4
-----END PRIVATE KEY-----
```

### `tls.insecure`

_Optional, Default=false_

Enables an insecure TLS connection that uses default credentials,

> and there is no peer authentication between Traefik Proxy and the Traefik Hub Agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and which has no peer authentication between Traefik Proxy and the Traefik Hub Agent.
```
